Then it's not my fault.
Taekwondo black eggs, right?
Scary, right?
You're pretending, right?
snow silver
How did he hit you just now?
Call me back
waste
How dare you let go of my mercury
hands-on
Dare to hit me, what dare not hit you
Xue Lin
You are courting death
Ah!
Lin Ziwei, are you sure you want Shen Lang to be so foolish?
Don't you want to go back to the company?
Tell him to stop
What waste
It's not you who called me
What does it have to do with you if I can't return to the company?
Besides, you all bully me like this
Why should I let Shen Lang make a move?
You left?
Mingming
Go back and tell you
If you want Crape Myrtle back
Let him come and bully himself
sister
Here we go.
Xiaolang
You hurt Lin Fei
Will everything be okay?
Yes, brother-in-law.
Grandma loves Lin Fei very much
Don't worry, not only will it be fine
He will come and beg him to go
Grandma, I don't blame Lin Fei.
It's all that trash
It doesn't make any sense.
Yes, Grandma.
You must do justice for me
You see my arm is broken